Some common implementations
---------------------------
1. Connection with database is must in every page
2. There is a GO TO HOME button ad ADD/DELETE/UPDATE ANOTHER in each corresponding pages
3. Sufficient validations implemented for e.g. without selecting one of radio button you cannot click on Submit to generate QR code
   or you cannot add a new record without submitting enough values.
4. Deleting a record does not actually deletes the record, it just updates the STATUS of that record to 'I' i.e. INACTIVE,
   hence we applied filter of STATUS = 'A' in each query.
5. STATUS column is default 'A', DATE column is default as Current Time Stamp.
6. A procedure is executed every time you go to index.php which creates the records for the very same day i.e. puts record from parent table to child table.
   And also the procedure is scheduled in the database to be executed in each hour to do so in case index.php file is not called.
   
Index Page
----------
When you open the project, it takes you to the index page of the project i.e. main screen for this project.
The data are fetched from vehicle_info_actual table on the basis of conditions:
	STATUS = 'A'
	DATE = CURRENT DATE
and is by default ORDER BY DATA_ID i.e. 1st come 1st serve

When you select any of the radio button and submit GENERATE QR, it takes you to the generate_qr.php file 
where rlevant QR Code processes are carried out.


GENERATE QR
---------------
The selected data_id is passed and fetch other informations existing against that DATA_ID.
Then the informations are concatenated as a string value and using in built PHP QR Code library,
the QR code is generated and displayed on the screen.
(More details of the process in the file generate_qr.php).


ADD
-------
This module helps to insert a new record into your project.
Suppose after few days, you are in need to assign a new vehicle to a new driver for a new purpose,
then you will need to add their informations. Adding a new record adds in both the tables i.e in parent
table vehicle_info as well as in vehicle_info_actual table.

DELETE
----------
Opposite to add.php, this file let you delete a record which you need no more.
It updates the status of the selected record to 'I' and it is hidden from the front-end side user,
but still available in the database.

UPDATE
------
This module let you update the informations for a particular record.
You can assign one vehicle to some other driver or change the purpose of the visit or just make everything blank
so that in future it can be used when needed.

HISTORY
-------
This module let you see the past records i.e. apart from the current date to the date of creation,
all the records will be available for you to generate qr of them. Suppose after a few days you have updated
something or deleted some record, but still you will have the records of those days for which the data was in existence.

